So, when you do this type of work, you get a lot of benefits. When I joined,
I think I was working at McDonald's and Swap Meet. Maybe the
movie theater too, I think I was working two or three jobs at, you know,
all around the year and I didn't have any type of direction. I
knew I was smart but I just didn't have enough time to, you know, pay
my bills at the time. So, I joined the military and one of their promises,
they said that you could have a really high paying job at the
end of your career. You know, it's a six year contract. So, I said,
"Okay, well I have these skills". They taught me math, they taught
me physics, thermodynamics, chemistry and by the end of my six year
tour, I had enough knowledge to basically become Homer Simpson. I
could go out there and work at a nuclear power plant, full of confidence.
So, they give you the skills that you need to get a really high
paying job or a different job. You know, depends on what you want
to do.